Update widgets.mdx (#12)
mavenagi/docs: fern/docs/pages/integrations/chat/widgets.mdx

  `var text = new URLSearchParams(window.location.search).get("query");`. (Note: you may also need to comment out the if statement that checks 
   for the presence of the query element: `document.getElementById('query') !== null`)

## Setting up Salesforce Digital Experience

The Maven Instant Answers widget can be added to a help center built on the Salesforce Content Management System (CMS). To allow a page hosted in the CMS to access Maven AGI, you will likely need to confirm or change a few security settings.

### Trusted URLs for data access

> First you must ensure that Salesforce can load data from Maven AGI. In the Salesforce setup navigation, search for "Trusted URLs". In the Trusted URLs page, add entries for https://app.mavenagi.com and https://AGENTNAME.onmaven.ai where AGENTNAME is the friendly name of your agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you must ensure that Salesforce can load data from Maven AGI. In the Salesforce setup navigation, search for "Trusted URLs". In the Trusted URLs page, add entries for https://app.mavenagi.com and https://AGENTNAME.onmaven.ai where AGENTNAME is the ID of your agent.
```

### Trusted Scripts

> Next the CMS must be allowed to load scripts from Maven AGI. In Experience Builder for your site, open the settings and navigate to Security & Privacy. Change "Content Security Policy (CSP)" to Relaxed, then add https://www.mavenwidgets.net/ and https://AGENTNAME.onmaven.ai to the "Trusted Sites for Scripts" list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next the CMS must be allowed to load scripts from Maven AGI. In Experience Builder for your site, open the settings and navigate to Security & Privacy. Change "Content Security Policy (CSP)" to Relaxed, then add https://www.mavenwidgets.net/ and https://ORGID.onmaven.ai to the "Trusted Sites for Scripts" list.
```
